I just felt so alone for all of my life
it's like there's been this war between
me and the rest of the world people see
me sure
but nobody really knows me sorry it's
just that I have all these feelings I
want to express and everything's been
kept locked up inside me until now you
are the first person I've ever known who
really understands me I'm glad I can
help spike Paramount Pictures and
Nickelodeon movies presents the Rugrats
go wild
starring cat Lysa Tommy Darwin Chucky
journey Phil and Susie Angelica and
featuring the voice of Bruce Willis as
spike I am so grateful I don't know
whether to give you a big kiss or just
slobber all over you from top to bottom
who wants a tongue bath
[Music]